feat: refresh data on max lifetime reached (#399)
scaleway/scaleway-lib: packages/use-dataloader/README.md

    pollingInterval, // Relaunch the request after the last success
    enabled = true, // Launch request automatically
    keepPreviousData = true, // Do we need to keep the previous data after reload

>     maxDataLifetime, // Max time before preivous success data is outdated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    maxDataLifetime, // Max time before previous success data is outdated (in milliseconds)
```
